# Forward - by Brandon Foshe
## Forward is a side scroller running game about characters with special powers that have to jump, duck, and dodge, and use their abilities wisely to *just - keep - going - forward*
### This project is a final for my intermediate python class. I plan to keep working on this after the final date to make it into an actual game that I could sell. I wanted to do this style of game because it gives a lot of openness with how I can customize it, and it seems like a fairly simple game concept. I have never seen any other game do what I'm doing now and I'm super excited to see this take shape and become what I wanted it to be
### This code was entirely designed by me, Brandon Foshe, and I have so many ideas for *"Forward"* that I'm working on implementing.
#### 1. Lots of unique characters. This is going to be major selling point of the game that there is so many options of characters to choose from, and it is going to be interesting to keep the players engaged as they try to learn all the characters
#### 2. Endless mode and online playability. Since I'm just starting, I only have a very limited selection of options on how to play the game. I want to keep my current levels system as a "campaign" mode, but I'd also like to add an endless mode and a player vs player mode in the future. The endless mode would help the game not to feel stale by playing the same levels over and over, but then there is the challenge of adding random level layout into the game. The online mode also brings its challenges of connecting to other people
#### 3. General flair. As of now, the game looks so boring and dull. I want to eventually add custom music, animations, art, make the obstacles look better, and spice the menu up so it isn't so plain
